fix[gen1-react]: SUPP-685 embedded iframe reloads when page orientation changes (#3572)
BuilderIO/builder: .changeset/smooth-chefs-destroy.md

---
"@builder.io/react": patch
---

> Fix: embed or custom code video reloading when page orientation changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix: prevent Embed and Custom Code blocks from re-rendering when page orientation changes
```
